React is a JavaScript framework that focuses on front end development.
Currently, our grade submission application combines the front end as well as the back end.
Nowadays, nobody writes code like this.
The front end should be completely decoupled from the back end.
In this lesson, we will explore a design that decouples the front end from the back end.
Let's look at our current design.
The front end, which represents the graphical interface of our app, was created using Leaf.
The back end, which is logic that stores and manages data was created using spring boots when a request
is made from the client.
The Web server.
In this case, Tomcat intercepts the request, and our spring boot app prepares the data in some way.
Finally, if is going to update the view and ultimately the entire application sends back HTML to the
client.
We combined the front end as well as the back end as part of the same web application.
This is a very outdated practice, and nowadays nobody writes code like this.
The only reason I taught you tell me for so that you can understand the spring mood fundamentals.
Now that you understand concepts such as field validation, beans, dependency, injection, loose coupling,
we can move on from this outdated design.
The proposed design is one where the front end is completely decoupled from the back end.
When a client makes a request, it is routed through a front end application which would typically be
created using a JavaScript framework like React.
Notice here that the front end is its own application running on Porte 3000.
It receives the request and it routes it to the back end, which is running on Port 8080.
The back end contains all of the logic needed to store and manage data.
The sole purpose of your Spring Boot application is to manage the data in some way in essence creating,
retrieving, updating, or deleting resources from a database.
Once it does that, it's going to send a response back to the front end.
And the back end communicates with the front end by sending back data packets in the form of JSON or
XML.
However, JSON is much more popular and the preferred way of doing so.
Now the front end emerges.
The data returned from your spring boot back end with its view.
Then it communicates with the client by sending back an HTML web page.
Finally, I want to make a statement.
I have used to react and I have used time.
Leif React is by far a much better front end technology than in leaf and in real life you have to decouple
your front end from your back end because a back end can be associated and it can receive calls from
many types of front ends.
If a client makes a request from the browser, that request is received by a react or an angular application
and routed to your spring boot to back end.
If a client makes a request from an iPhone, the iPhone app built using Swift or Flutter is your front
end, which would in turn request data from your back end.
If a client makes a request from an android, the Android application built using perhaps Kotlin or
Flutter Flutter is cross-platform a route that request to a back end.
It follows that the back end should be completely decoupled from your front end.
Going forward.
Module two of this course is going to focus on the back end aspect of web development, which is where
Spring Boot really shines as we move forward.
The only concept I want you to take away from what we've done so far, our field validation three layer
architecture and dependency injection.
In this lesson, we explored a design that decouples the front end and the back end.
Our current design is flawed.
I can think of no company that actually combines the front end and the back end inside of the same application.
When a client makes a request, it is typically routed through a front end application like a React
application.
The front end, which is its own app, wrote that request to your back end.
A back end component such as your Spring Boot application will manage the data inside of a database
in some way.
It sends back a data packet to the front end in the form of JSON or XML.
However, JSON is much more commonly used and is considered better practice to represent your data.
Now the front end merges whatever data it receives from your back end and merges it with a view, and
then it returns the updated view to your client.
In the next lesson, we will look at a practical example where a React application speaks to a spring
boot application.